README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

1. Install all dependencies `npm i`
2. Create a PostgresQL database on Vercel
3. Pull your configuration from vercel: `vercel env pull .env`
4. Generate the prisma schema: `npm run prisma:generate`
5. Push your prisma schema to the database: `npm run prisma:push`
6. Run the development server: `npm run start`
7. (optional) Start the storybook server: `npm run storybook`
8. (optional) Start the prisma studio server: `npm run prisma:studio`

### User Stories

1. As a user, I want to be able to create an account
2. As a user, I want to be able to login to my account
3. As a user, I want to be able to logout of my account
4. As a seller, I want to be able to create a listing
5. As a seller, I want to be able to edit a listing
6. As a seller, I want to be able to delete a listing
7. As a user, I want to be able to view a seller's profile
8. As a user, I want to be able to view a listings details
9. As a buyer, I want to be able to view a listing
10. As a buyer, I want to be able to add a listing to my cart

--- Progress ---

11. As a buyer, I want to be able to remove a listing from my cart
12. As a buyer, I want to be able to checkout
13. As a buyer, I want to be able to view my orders
14. As a seller, I want to be able to view pending orders
15. As a seller, I want to be able to mark an order as shipped

Stretch Goals:

1. As a user, I want to be able to search for listings
2. As a user, I want to be able to filter listings
3. As a user, I want to be able to review a product
4. As a user, I want to be able to add a product to my wishlist

## Technologies

- Database: Prisma + PostgresQL
- Styling: Sass
- Authentication: NextAuth.js
- Deployment: Vercel
- Object Storage: Vercel Blob Storage
- Components: Material UI
- API: tRPC
- Frontend Workshop: Storybook.js

## What's missing?

- Unit Tests
- End-to-end Tests
- Continuous Integration/Deployment
- Realtime updates
- Mobile responsive design
- SEO
- Analytics
- Error reporting
- Logging
- Monitoring
- Caching
- Keyboard Shortcuts

Commit message:

checkout page and support removing items from checkout

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

1. Install all dependencies `npm i`
2. Create a PostgresQL database on Vercel
3. Pull your configuration from vercel: `vercel env pull .env`
4. Generate the prisma schema: `npm run prisma:generate`
5. Push your prisma schema to the database: `npm run prisma:push`
6. Run the development server: `npm run start`
7. (optional) Start the storybook server: `npm run storybook`
8. (optional) Start the prisma studio server: `npm run prisma:studio`

### User Stories

1. As a user, I want to be able to create an account
2. As a user, I want to be able to login to my account
3. As a user, I want to be able to logout of my account
4. As a seller, I want to be able to create a listing
5. As a seller, I want to be able to edit a listing
6. As a seller, I want to be able to delete a listing
7. As a user, I want to be able to view a seller's profile
8. As a user, I want to be able to view a listings details
9. As a buyer, I want to be able to view a listing
10. As a buyer, I want to be able to add a listing to my cart
11. As a buyer, I want to be able to remove a listing from my cart

--- Progress ---

12. As a buyer, I want to be able to checkout
13. As a buyer, I want to be able to view my orders
14. As a seller, I want to be able to view pending orders
15. As a seller, I want to be able to mark an order as shipped
16. As the system, provide a webhook to automatically mark an order as shipped

Stretch Goals:

1. As a user, I want to be able to search for listings
2. As a user, I want to be able to filter listings
3. As a user, I want to be able to review a product
4. As a user, I want to be able to add a product to my wishlist
5. As a user, I want to fill out checkout form with my address and payment information

## Technologies

- Database: Prisma + PostgresQL
- Styling: Sass
- Authentication: NextAuth.js
- Deployment: Vercel
- Object Storage: Vercel Blob Storage
- Components: Material UI
- API: tRPC
- Frontend Workshop: Storybook.js

## What's missing?

- Unit Tests
- End-to-end Tests
- Continuous Integration/Deployment
- Realtime updates
- Mobile responsive design
- SEO
- Analytics
- Error reporting
- Logging
- Monitoring
- Caching
- Keyboard Shortcuts
